Document new `@caller` macro ivar (#724)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/syntax_and_semantics/macros/README.md

Foo.boo(0, 1)
```

## Call Information

When a macro is called, you can access the macro call stack with a special instance variable: `@caller`.

> This variable returns an `ArrayLiteral` of [`Call`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/Crystal/Macros/Call.html) nodes with the first element in the array being the most recent,
> unless it is called outside of a macro in which case it's a [`NilLiteral`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/Crystal/Macros/NilLiteral.html).

Reviewer: **polish(style):** Shorter sentences for better readability.
```suggestion
This variable returns an `ArrayLiteral` of [`Call`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/Crystal/Macros/Call.html) nodes with the first element in the array being the most recent.
Outside of a macro or if the macro has no caller (e.g. a [hook](hook)) the value is a [`NilLiteral`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/Crystal/Macros/NilLiteral.html).
```

## Comments

> Macro expressions are evaluated both within comments as well as compatible sections of code. This may be used to provide relevant documentation for expansions:

Reviewer: **issue:** I think this wording is intentional.
I understand "compilable sections of code" as code blocks inside a doc comment.

The expression above will result in no output.

### Merging Expansion and Call Comments

The [`@caller`](#call-information) can be combined with the [`#doc_comment`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/Crystal/Macros/ASTNode.html#doc_comment%3AMacroId-instance-method) method in order to allow merging documentation comments on a node generated by a macro, and the comments on the macro call itself. For example:

```crystal
macro gen_method(name)
 # {{ @caller.first.doc_comment }}
 #
 # Comment added via macro expansion.
 def {{name.id}}
 end
end

# Comment on macro call.
gen_method foo
```

When generated, the docs for the `#foo` method would be like:

```text

> # Comment on macro call.
> #
> # Comment added via macro expansion.

Reviewer: **polish:** The generated docs don't have comment syntax.
```suggestion
Comment on macro call.

Comment added via macro expansion.
```
